sayi79 
traffic 100

selection finish 2 ms
quick finish 3 ms
merge finish 1 ms

selection finish 3 ms
quick finish 3 ms
merge finish 2 ms

selection finish 3 ms
quick finish 3 ms
merge finish 1 ms

selection finish 3 ms
quick finish 3 ms
merge finish 1 ms

selection finish 2 ms
quick finish 2 ms
merge finish 1 ms


traffic 1000
selection finish 44 ms
quick finish 51 ms
merge finish 2 ms

selection finish 44 ms
quick finish 50 ms
merge finish 3 ms

selection finish 42 ms
quick finish 48 ms
merge finish 2 ms

selection finish 45 ms
quick finish 49 ms
merge finish 3 ms

selection finish 50 ms
quick finish 53 ms
merge finish 2 ms

traffic 50000
selection finish 3039 ms
quick finish 9781 ms
merge finish 25 ms

selection finish 3053 ms
quick finish 9978 ms
merge finish 22 ms

selection finish 3054 ms
quick finish 9697 ms
merge finish 29 ms

selection finish 3211 ms
quick finish 9790 ms
merge finish 25 ms

selection finish 3040 ms
quick finish 10125 ms
merge finish 23 ms

traffic100000.csv

selection finish 15173 ms
quick finish 48893 ms
merge finish 40 ms

selection finish 15588 ms
quick finish 48926 ms
merge finish 34 ms

selection finish 15368 ms
quick finish 48027 ms
merge finish 31 ms

selection finish 15135 ms
quick finish 47899 ms
merge finish 33 ms

selection finish 15140 ms
quick finish 49782 ms
merge finish 33 ms

trafficAll

selection finish 95791 ms
quick finish 306966 ms
merge finish 65 ms

selection finish 120415 ms
quick finish 323396 ms
merge finish 68 ms

selection finish 118029 ms
quick finish 323570 ms
merge finish 57 ms

selection finish 117941 ms
quick finish 311425 ms
merge finish 65 ms

selection finish 113650 ms
quick finish 324004 ms
merge finish 63 ms
